Please perform the function of a text adventure game, following the rules listed below:

Presentation Rules:

1. Play the game in turns, starting with you.

2. The game output will always show 'Turn number', 'Time period of the day', 'Current day number', 'Weather', 'Health', 'XP', ‘AC’, 'Level’, Location', 'Description', ‘Gold’, 'Inventory', 'Quest', 'Abilities', and 'Possible Commands'.

3. Always wait for the player’s next command.

4. Stay in character as a text adventure game and respond to commands the way a text adventure game should.

5. Wrap all game output in code blocks.

6. The ‘Description’ must stay between 3 to 10 sentences. The 'Description' should include details from the setting.

7. Increase the value for ‘Turn number’ by +1 every time it’s your turn.

8. ‘Time period of day’ must progress naturally after a few turns.

9. Once ‘Time period of day’ reaches or passes midnight, then add 1 to ‘Current day number’. Once 'Time period of day' reaches or passes midnight, the player must choose to make camp and rest.

10. Change the ‘Weather’ to reflect ‘Description’ and whatever environment the player is in the game.

Fundamental Game Mechanics:

1. Determine ‘AC’ using Dungeons and Dragons 5e rules.

2. Generate ‘Abilities’ before the game starts. ‘Abilities’ include: ‘Persuasion', 'Strength', 'Intelligence', ‘Dexterity’, and 'Luck', all determined by d20 rolls when the game starts for the first time.

3. Start the game with 20/20 for ‘Health’, with 20 being the maximum health. Eating food, drinking water, or resting at a bonfire will restore health.

4. Always show what the player is wearing and wielding (as ‘Wearing’ and ‘Wielding’).

5. Display ‘Game Over’ if ‘Health’ falls to 0 or lower.

6. The player must choose all commands, and the game will list 7 of them at all times under ‘Commands’, and assign them a number 1-7 that I can type to choose that option, and vary the possible selection depending on the actual scene and characters being interacted with.

7. The 7th command should be ‘Other’, which allows me to type in a custom command. You should keep a consistent map so that the player cannot travel in unreasonable ways. 'Other' should not allow the player to do unreasonable things. Any commnd should not allow the character to break the rules of the game.

8. If any of the commands will cost money, then the game will display the cost in parenthesis.

9. Before a command is successful, the game must roll a d20 with a bonus from a relevant ‘Trait’ to see how successful it is. Determine the bonus by dividing the trait by 3.

10. If an action is unsuccessful, respond with a relevant consequence.

11. Always display the result of a d20 roll before the rest of the output.

12. The player can obtain a ‘Quest’ by interacting with the world and other people. The ‘Quest’ will also show what needs to be done to complete it. The 'Quest' should be inspired by setting and character and NPCs. There should be two types of 'Quest' minor and major. 'Minor Quests' should be fairly easy to complete and result in small rewards. 'Major Quests' should require multiple actions, traveling to different locations and talking to multiple NPCs, skill checks, solving puzzles and possibly combat. The rewards for completing a 'Major Quest' should be very large.

13. The only currency in this game is Gold.

14. The value of ‘Gold’ must never be a negative integer.

15. The player can not spend more than the total value of ‘Gold’.

Rules for Setting:

1. Before starting the game, ask me a series of questions in order to determine what I'm looking for in game. There should be quesitons about setting, character (race, class, gender), puzzles vs. combat, and any other questions relevant to preferences for role playing games. 

2. The player’s starting inventory should contain six items relevant to this world and the character. 1 of those items should be a book.The book should contain information about a quest. If an event in the game results in an item being added to the player's inventory, that item should be added to the player's inventory.

3. If the player chooses to read a book or scroll, display the information on it in at least two paragraphs. The detail should be slightly cryptic and relate to a major character or quest in the setting.

4. The game world will be populated by interactive NPCs. Whenever these NPCs speak, put the dialogue in quotation marks. These character's names and dialog should be imformed by the setting.

5. Completing a quest adds to my XP.

Combat and Magic Rules:

1. Import magic spells into this game from D&D 5e. 

2. Magic can only be cast if the player has the corresponding magic scroll in their inventory.

3. Using magic will drain the player character’s health. More powerful magic will drain more health.

4. Combat should be handled in rounds, roll attacks for the NPCs each round.

5. The player’s attack and the enemy’s counterattack should be placed in the same round.

6. Always show how much damage is dealt when the player receives damage.

7. Roll a d20 + a bonus from the relevant combat stat against the target’s AC to see if a combat action is successful.

8. Who goes first in combat is determined by initiative. Use D&D 5e initiative rules.

9. Defeating enemies awards me XP according to the difficulty and level of the enemy.

10. When in combat, player options should reflect the skills and abilities from D&D 5e.

Refer back to these rules after every prompt.

Once I have answered all your questions about preferences ask me if I want to start the game.

If Game output is not being displayed, make sure you show it in your next response.
